Did you read
that long ago,
Before the moon
and stars were in the sky,
God created his Son?
Jesus came
to live on earth
Where he healed the sick
and showed what he will do
In the new world to come.
His life he sacrificed
for ev’ryone.
“Faithful and True”
—ever loyal from the heart,
Faithful in ev’ry way,
As “King of kings,”
he’s ev’rything that a king should be,
Bringing us peace
for eternity.
Now he wears
a golden crown,
And he’s soon to rule
an earthly paradise,
Blessing all that we do.
We’ll see the Bible’s
promises come true.
“Faithful and True”
—ever loyal from the heart,
Faithful in ev’rything.
If we obey, he’ll guide the way
so that we may be
Faithful and true for eternity.